# July

## Attendance

* Lucas Watson
* Vance Lucas (remote)
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin (remote)
* Ada Harlin (remote)
* Devin Clark
* Tommy Yi (remote)
* Jessica Campbell
* Jonathan Yarbor
* Jeremy Green

Motion to approve minutes. Attendence change was made for Jeremy. No other objections.

## Financials

Everyone should have techlahoma emails.

Paying prototek. Jesse talked to Shawn (lawyer) and got a debt release for prototek. We are going to pay them $3500.

Jesse motions to pay Prototek $3500 for letting us use their space. The motion is approved without objection.

## Bootstrapping usergroups

Google form for the user groups.

Onboarding be a board vote with 80% majority required. Group would get access to Hexo site, logo, stickers, techlahoma email (maybe), awareness of insurance, mailing list, buffer, food, etc.

Discussion about security concerns with regards to the mailchimp email list.

Jeremy is concerned about the amount of work techlahoma would have to do for the groups, (logo, website).

Jesse will start a Github Issue to tighten up onboarding package.

## RFID Thing
Jesse and Jonathan have a prototype that can read and write to rfid cards.

## Thunderplains

2 sponsors, cfp is closed. Goal for ticket sales August 1st.

## Job board

Technically done, some jobs on there. Everyone got 5 job credits. Sent out an email to tell people the job board was live. Activity is lower than expected.

## Starspace Update

Cox is interested in a 60k or 30k sponsorship as well as free fiber optic for at least 5 years. Huge win. Nothing signed but we should know in a week or two. Teksystems is also thinking about a naming rights sponsorships. Netsuite might be interesting in one as well.

Talking with local government. Want us to name the district and speak with other council members.

### Fundraising Updates

We sent out all the thank you notes.

Gold level on guide star

We need to figure out how to handle the board meetings on meetup.
