# January Minutes

## Attendance
* Jessica
* Ava
* Devin
* Kim
* Matthew
* Vance (remote)
* Luke (remote)
* Dustin (remote)
* Kendall (remote)
* Carlos (remote)
* Tatiana (remote)
* Carmen (remote)
* Lucas (remote)
* Tasha Kay (remote)

* Jesse
* Amanda
* Ada

December minutes are approved without objection.

## Board Reports

### Board OnBoarding

[Presentation from The President](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MqQW0zm_HdxnYHmLV_27wTXmuTKchL3C9IPiUmLsgiI/edit?usp=sharing)

Kendall: Two trademarks might not be federal.

We should look into that.

## Elections

President is the only position we have to vote for. Both nominees for president are also nominated for vice president. Treasurer and Secretary are both running unopposed.

President is Vance Lucas and Vice President is Luke Crouch. Treasurer is Dustin Curzon and Secretary is Devin Clark by default.


## Committee Reports

### Sponsorship Comittee

Lucas is chair.

Jesse and Amanda made a sponsorship pdf that became a website.

Lucas: Take a day in late january to make calls to set up in person meetings with companies.

### Google Grant OKC



## Action Items

### Vote on user groups' statuses for 2018 (funded/notfunded/affiliated)

- [Usergroup Applications](https://techlahoma.github.io/ug-application-view/index.html)
- [Usergroup Applications (raw data)](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1XcFbERzCPooXG2pds1oudIkOGaT9l-kJ?usp=sharing)
- [Estimated usergroup costs](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10ZW7bfrScUZ5ySXaujKUQswQMO0zF0ub0b03vA3QL9w/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Usergroup Requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iBe3xdtfa6YdHQEJevtFv8chIlybSucCSqhHvXI5oIw/edit?usp=sharing)

BUG doesn't want to use meetup, a requirement of being a techlahoma group.

Lucas will call them and sell them on meetup.

Okc LUGnuts would like food.

OKC Sharepoint only has one organizer, we require 2+.

Matt: Tableau requires user groups to use eventbrite to be an official tableau user group.

Dustin: Motion to accept pending usergroups for 2018, contingent on meeting all requirements. Motion passes with no objection.


### Vote to add and remove Bank Signers (Dustin)

(documentation needed for bank)

Dustin: Motion to add Dustin, and remove jesse, amanda, and luke. Second.

Motion is approved without objection.


## Proposals

### Implement trial of https://techhire.careers in April/May (Dustin)

Propose board vote then right before then.


### Board retreat for strategic planning

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SmGH7bqBPcwpEz3zCQ-Lwg7bOhPA8i0iWtp1O-to0vE/edit?usp=sharing) with Oklahoma Center for Nonprofits

Kendall: lobeck taylor family foundation to sponsor it?

A strategic planning meeting run by the oklahoma center for nonprofits.

Lucas: Motion to approve contingent on funding. Seconded.

The vote passes with Carmen against.

## Other Updates

### American Fidelity
- Schedule time with Natacha Martin, American Fidelity wants to talk with leadership about corportate sponsorship, asap.

### License Plate
Going into legislation this Friday. Techlahoma will receive $20 per plate.



Lucas met with the okc chamber. Techlahoma was a member in 2016. They have earmarked $2500 for 2018 but they will have hard time giving us the money if we are not a member.

$250 fee to join under starspace.

Lucas: Motion to join okc chamber under starspace for $250. Seconded.

Motion passes without objection.

Committee spreadsheet.

Meeting is adjurned at 9:16pm.
