# January Minutes

## Attendance
* Jessica Campbell
* Ava
* Devin Clark
* Kimberly Collins
* Vance Lucas
* Luke Crouch
* Kendall Werts
* Carlos Moreno
* Tatiana Rozzell
* Carmen Bourlon
* Lucas Watson
* Tasha Kay Cary
* Tommy Yi
* Jeff Lowe

January minutes are approved without objection.

## Board Reports

### Sponsorship Committee
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1k5TQq4aX9QzOuyWXdcKPr1ZT_53Pr-uakyxW_kMGBl0/edit?usp=sharing

### Google Grant

Made it past the first round and got a request for more information and to schedule a meeting time. Friday Feb 24th at 4pm.

### Workshop Committee

Django Girls workshop in tulsa.

define what a workshop is.

### OKC Broadcasting Committee

Training more volunteers. Need help getting content from Twitch to Youtube.

### User Group Committee

Provided a document to read at everyone's convenience https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cLqGgixXaKip_jE4M9kTNpVxqCr54P4Z_bc-MA_gdUw/edit?usp=sharing


## Action Items

### Vote to amend the bylaws.

Vote to amend the Techlahoma policies to allow anyone serving on the Techlahoma board to serve in the office of Treasurer or Secretary, regardless of term length.


Discussion about what it means to 'notify members' of the change.

Kendall seconds.


Vote passes without objection


### Introducing Hope Briggs, Treasurer nomination.

Tommy volunteers for Treasurer.

Ava volunteers for Treasurer.

Concerns about the mix of starspace and techlahoma.

Forming a finance committee solves this.

Tommy: Concerns about redundency of a finance committee.

Punting vote until next month to get nominations together for Treasurer.

Jessica: concerns about forming committees. Voting on committees.

### Committee Votes

#### Conduct committee: Ava

seconded by jessica

Approved without objection.


#### Merch and Design committee: Ava

Seconded by Jess.

Approved with Jeff Lowe objecting.

#### Workshop Committee: Kendall

Ava: What is the difference between a workshop and a user group?

Lucas: Irregular events. user groups are regular events.

Luke seconds.

The vote passes with jessica and ava opposing, and carmen and devin abstaining.

The Workshop Committee will present a definition of a workshop at the next board meeting.


#### Civic Tech Committee: Carlos

seconded by jessica.

vote passes without objection.

#### Board Governance: Vance

Vance: not sure why this is here.

Skip the work.


#### Password Management: Jessica

No committee. Secretary will take over the responsibility.

#### Website and Social Media: Luke

seconded by jeff.

approved without objection.

### Board Retreat

Kendall: Carlos is a facilitator with several certifications or something.

Carlos has agreed to do this for free. We will only need to pay for the space and maybe food.

Tommy will personally donate $500 to make this retreat happen.

Vote: Do the board retreat with Carlos Moreno as facilitator.

Seconded by Jeff.

Approved without objection. Ava abstained.

## Proposals

Punting on voting for women who code for tulsa until next month, pending a definition for a workshop.


Offering mentorship to OU's Hacklahoma. Kimberly handle contacting them.


Improve the power setup at starspace.

Vote to solve the problem.

seconded by luke.

vote passes with lucas, tasha kay, tommy, and ava abstaining.

### 200Ok.

* 80 proposals submitted from 26 different cities (including Portugal, Guatemala, Canada, and Australia!)
  * Final speakers decided
  * Confirm speakers by Mar 2
* Tickets go on sale Mar 5
sponsorships are selling well (Our biggest sponsors may be Oracle & Microsoft ... web development in 2018?)
  * If you know an Oklahoma company who may want to sponsor, send them our way!

## President's Report

Meeting is concluded at 8:58pm
