# March Minutes

## Attendance
* Jessica Campbell
* Ava
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Carlos Moreno
* Carmen Bourlon
* Lucas Watson
* Tommy Yi
* Jeff Lowe
* Tasha Kay Cary
* Luke Crouch
* Kendall Werts
* Tatiana Rozzell

January minutes are approved without objection.

## Officer Reports

### President/Treasurer

Conference revenue. 200OK tickets and sponsorships.

$580 a month in individual sponsorships.

Tommy: I would like to see last month's forecast vs actual, then next month's forecast when we have a Treasurer. EBITDA numbers.

Ava: How is food spending with the reimbursement change?
Vance: It is less.

### Vice President

Presented meetup and twitter stats.


## Board Retreat

Tasha Kay won't be able to attend. Suggested a questionnaire relating to the agenda.

Carmen: Do we have an agenda yet?
Carlos will post a summary of the agenda.

Agenda will be on the Meetup.

https://www.meetup.com/Techlahoma-Board/events/248480484/

## Workshop Committee

Caitlin Stewart is presenting workshop definition https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Dz9caFlsJAgQ9Td2DMsu8oTb-tTCNg4Rm6d4-JOrHA/edit

## Usergroup Committee

Carmen is presenting a help wanted board for user group leaders to get help. https://techlahoma.github.io/help-wanted/

We are about ready to go live.

Ava will provide design assets and a donation link will be added.

Nothing actionable in the activity report. Board members will read on their own time.

## Fundraising Committee

Lucas: Presenting https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1k5TQq4aX9QzOuyWXdcKPr1ZT_53Pr-uakyxW_kMGBl0/edit

first or second week of April to get together and call prospective donors.

Ava wants content for the prospectus and pictures from thunder plains.

Corporate sponsorships need to get going now.

## Conduct Committee

Ava is presenting https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AaO8tJjNO2JmaxP-pswN4fVa1PMD08AFlURh29qONRU/edit?usp=sharing


## Treasurer Vote

Vance: Motion to vote for a treasurer. Seconded.

By a vote of 8 to 5, Kendall wins.

## Board Seat Vote

Vance: motion to vote. Seconded.

Brittany Berwanger wins by ranked vote.

## EFA Proposal

Luke: Based on the broad, popular, and growing interest in the digital privacy & security workshops I’ve been doing (under the banners of both Mozilla & Techlahoma), I just added a proposal to the March board meeting for Techlahoma to join the EFA. Diana Varnes and I have run a number of digital privacy & security workshops now, and they are great for reaching and helping a tech-hungry audience who are not our traditional designer + developer audience. Joining the EFA will help more people hear about Techlahoma in this positive light. It seems we already align with their principles: “As a member organization of the EFA, we believe that technology should support the intellectual freedom at the heart of a democratic society. … Free expression, security, privacy, creativity, and access to knowledge.”If we agree to endorse these principles, the requirements are:
1. Share them within your organization,
2. Confirm your group’s support,
3. Publicly endorse the principles however you wish to do so (e.g., by replicating this tweet), and
4. Identify a point of public contact through which your group is poised to respond to public inquiries.https://supporters.eff.org/join-efaIf we approve the proposal:


1. I’ve shared these principles with you …
2. We’ll vote to confirm our support for them
3. I’ll make a tweet, Facebook, and Slack announcement
4. I will volunteer to serve as our public point of contact for EFA
5. I’ll continue to run digital & privacy workshops as I’ve always done, but I’ll add the EFA banner to themThe benefit to Techlahoma is increased exposure: being listed on EFF’s map of allies: https://www.eff.org/electronic-frontier-alliance/alliesEFF also sends out regular newsletters which feature EFA events. So, if we organize our digital privacy & security workshops under the EFA + Techlahoma + Mozilla banners, we may get new exposure to EFF subscribers in our region.Please consider this and let me know any questions before the board meeting. I’d like to either make it a no-brainer to pass during the meeting, or strike it from the agenda before the meeting time.

The EFA is also a non-profit.

Lucas: Does it put us on anyone's radar in a negative way or affect sponsorship?
Luke: There is a risk there but it is a small one.

Carlos: They are more focused on more national issues, not something that really has anything to do with Oklahoma as a state.

Jeff: I have not heard a compelling reason in a positive sense, but several potential negatives.

Suggestion to move discussion to a separate meeting and discuss it there.

Luke will do more research.

Vance: motion to table the vote until next month. lucas seconds. approved without objection.

## 200OK

All speakers confirmed. Early bird tickets are available. Share all the social media things.

Lucas: Good linkedin post and share with all your recruiter friends.

## Alternative to Slack Gateway

Should we provide an alternative? No.

## Hack Day Announcement

Carlos: Statewide. Saturday April 28th. working on the summer meals map. Taking the list of summer meals and creating a location aware map. RSVP https://www.eventbrite.com/e/summer-meals-sites-map-launch-tickets-44238408270 if you're interested in attending. Great collaboration with Codesy.io, Hunger Free OK, the state dept. of Ed., and hopefully some community partners.

## President's Report

User group reimbursement model has been working out very well. Lower cost from this could help us on-board more groups. Looking forward to the retreat.

Meeting is adjourned at 8:09pm.
