# April Minutes

## Attendance
* Ava
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Carlos Moreno
* Carmen Bourlon
* Lucas Watson
* Jeff Lowe
* Kendall Werts
* Kimberly Collins


February minutes are approved without objection.

Tatiana resigned from the board.

## Officer Reports

Moving Kendall's report to the end of the meeting.

### Board Retreat Recap

Carlos: Great opportunity overall. Working to compile all the notes from the day in a nice document. We hope to review them before the next board meeting.

## Committee Report

### Conduct

Ava: No issues this month. We would like to see the incident report form visible in more places.

### Conferences

#### 200OK

Kendall: speakers chosen, buying plane tickets. sold ~$3000 in tickets. Buying swag. Discount rate for 2 or more tickets. code is GROUP2018. At the Tulsa library.

#### Thunder Plains

Jeff: Constructed an RFP. Sent to 6 facilities. response for 4. three are in consideration. Compiling responses in a reviewable format. Another quote from western heritage museum.

### Civic Tech

Carlos: Launched okcourtbot website. http://okcourtbot.com/

Carlos: Collaboration with the state department of education to launch a statewide map of summer meals. https://www.eventbrite.com/e/summer-meals-sites-map-launch-tickets-44238408270

Partnerships with schools and school districts. one or more project coming soon on that.

the next step is providing more visibility on projects and planning.

### Workshops

Kendall: Django Girls had around 30 women. Gearing up for the one in July. Working on a date for one in okc.

### User Group

Carmen: A few user groups consider disbanding. Common theme is difficulty finding speakers. Working on a speakers wanted board.

Outreach committee is looking for volunteers.

### Membership

Vance: No news. Need to decide on a goal before the next board meeting. Need to get design assets from Ava.


### Corporate Sponsorships

Lucas: Fundraising contact list. Has about 50 people in it. Finalizing [sponsorship prospectus](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1k5TQq4aX9QzOuyWXdcKPr1ZT_53Pr-uakyxW_kMGBl0/edit#slide=id.g30afe06c23_2_0). 


### Grant

Carlos: Met with tasha kay. Came up with more questions than answers. The next step is to reach out to contacts and resources we both have. Professional grant writers. Meet with kendall and luke about a grant proposal they are currently working on. Update that there may be some grant money for working on a project that has something to do with the double up food bucks program.

### Merchandise

Ava: Going to work with Vance for fundraising assets. Talked with Carlos who knows illustrators and may do some work for us. Max is doing shirts for 200ok. Thunder Plains soon.


### OKC Broadcasting Committee

Update is in the minutes.


## Proposal

Nodecraft is sponsoring and producing an education program that will be ideally launching in this summer of 2018.

Asking us for co-marketing and assistance in finding volunteers.

### OK Innovate

Carmen: tech tour and okc startup showcase. Short conversation. The guy was really interested in Techlahoma. Ava is speaking at the event about Techlahoma. https://www.okinnovate.com/techtour/

He mentioned meeting in person. Vance, Carmen, and Lucas at least are interested in it.

Ava is going to hunt down a discount code.

## Treasurer's Report

Kendall: Demoing the correct way to use Xero so things are categorized correctly. Items need a program and a category.

We have about 3 months of runway.

Still working on the user group budget. 

Thunder Plains budget will be provided to Kendall.

## President's Report

Vance: It was really nice seeing everyone at the board retreat. Hopefully it helped everyone understand each other and Techlahoma. It would be nice for us to get together like that more often. 

One thing that came out in the meeting is there was potentially some tension between people and I hope that was eased by the retreat.

We heard a lot about the history of Techlahoma and why it was formed.

As board members of techlahoma, we are all representing techlahoma any time we take action involving techlahoma and we should all keep that in mind. 

We will be voting on another board member next month. Vance will share a matrix for picking the best board members for what skills the organization needs.

Be thinking about new board members.

Meeting is adjourned at 7:54pm.
