# May Minutes

## Attendance
* Ava
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Carmen Bourlon
* Lucas Watson
* Kendall Werts
* Kimberly Collins
* Tommy Yi
* Jessica Campbell
* Brittany Berwanger


April minutes are approved without objection.


## Officer Reports

## Treasurer's Report

Kendall showed financial reports from Xero for Income Statement and Runway.

Kendall recommends the Xero Expenses mobile app to handle board related expense reports.

Discussion about cost savings ideas.

Move board meeting meetup to google calendar invite. Devin volunteered.

## Committee Report

### Conduct

The conduct committee removed a member due to multiple complaints. A police report was filed for multiple threats. Last Tuesday he showed up to 36 Degrees North and was asked to leave by staff.

### Conferences

#### 200OK

It is happening. Between 100 and 150 ticket sales. They are going to make money.

#### Thunder Plains

We are partnering with Innotech. Profit split. We kept 60%, they got 40%. It removes all the direct cost to us. They handle food, and venue. They can also help with sponsors. We made about $14k the last year we partnered with them. Highest attendance we've had. CFP coming soon.

Need to do more website updates. Announcing CFP on email lists and when we open ticket sales.

### Civic Tech

Brittany. Food for Thought website should be launching shortly. Speaking to city council for updates on the progress. Planning a criminal justice event. Hackathon in July.

### Workshops

OKC Django Girls. Kimberly is emailing people. Has a few companies interested in sponsoring.

### User Group Tools

Carmen: Linked to a report on the agenda.

### User Group Outreach

Reached out to user group leaders for needs. Speakers was a big need. 

OKC Ruby has new leadership.

Ava is taking over Refresh OKC.

### Membership

Vance and Kendall worked on a fundraising goal of $40k for the year including corporate sponsorships. $60k as a stretch goal. A lot of work to do.

### Corporate Sponsorships

No updates. Polished slide deck and updated list ready to go next month.

Lucas: "we could easily raise $30-50k from corporate sponsors."

### Grant

No members of the committee present. Kendall mentioned a few foundations in the okc area that we should talk to.

### Merchandise

Kimberly asked for design assets for a brochure or small handout.

### OKC Broadcasting Committee

Going really well. No real updates. Kimberly played a twitch video at the OU Innovation Hub. Got three volunteers for highlighting and exporting twitch to youtube.

## President's Report

Next month we are voting in a new board member. Board member nominations will be locked on June 15th.


