# June 19, 2018 7:00 pm

## Open
* Attendance
* Approve previous minutes

## Officer Reports
* [Vice President](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12tZqwPw461Psv_DBISpXAr2UVq6ENGKKwbWrfz_Xk0M/)
* Treasurer

## Board Reports

## Committee Reports

* Conduct -- Ava
* Conferences
    - ThunderPlains -- Vance
* Civic Tech -- Carlos
* Workshop committee -- Kendall
* [User Group Tools Committee](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2018/committee_reports/06_ug-tooling.md) -- Carmen
* [User Group Outreach Committee](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2018/committee_reports/06_usergroup_outreach.md) -- Kimberly
* Fundraising committee
    - Membership -- Vance
    - Corporate -- Lucas
    - Grants -- Tasha K / Carlos
* Merchandise -- Ava
* [OKC Broadcasting Committee](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2018/committee_reports/06_okc_broadcasting.md) -- Kimberly

## Action Items

* Vote to move to allowing groups to count _either_ RSVPs or attendee count for reimbursement
* Vote on new board member nominee
    - [Future Board Nominees Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16npdEpYtj61tsBG2gvzhAhuNkSHvE--OhiGouOotSB0/edit#gid=1840053571)
    - [Future Board Nominee Questionnaire](https://goo.gl/forms/wvZVpodJIelOSWhD3)

## Proposals

## Other Updates

## President's Report 
