# July 17, 2018 7:00 pm

## Attendance

* Ava
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Kimberly Collins
* Carmen Bourlon
* Tommy Yi
* Kendall Werts
* Lucas Watson
* Darren Gibson
* Jeff Lowe
* Jessica Campbell
* Carlos Moreno
* Luke Crouch

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Officer Reports


### Treasurer

Kendall presented a report.

## Committee Reports

### Conduct

Updates on potential legal issue.


### ThunderPlains

Extended CFP to July 31st. 70-ish submissions. Innotech announced TP to their email members. Pushing CFP to August 7th.

Compiled a list of companies who have sponsored TP to identify who to contact.

$3k soft committment.

### Civic Tech

Code for Tulsa's work on Courtbot got mentioned in [The Atlantic](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2018/06/civic-tech-in-a-time-of-technopessimism/563696/). [National Day of Civic Hacking](https://www.codeforamerica.org/national-day-of-civic-hacking) is August 11 this year. Tulsa will not be participating.

### Workshop Committee

DjangoGirls on Saturday. SheCodes OKC Django Girls workshop needs more applicants. Share the application http://django-okc.techlahoma.org/

### User Group Tools Committee

Fixing bugs on help wanted board.

Starting on speakers wanted board.

Working on user group budgets for 2019.

Getting close to applications for 2019.

### User Group Outreach Committee

Refresh is going to be Design Tech OKC.

FCCOKC's leader is stepping down.

Most groups need more speakers.

Working on a newsletter going out to members. Need volunteers for content.

Discussion about more committees.

### Fundraising committee

#### Membership

Nothing new on membership. Focusing on corporate.

#### Corporate

Vance, Kendall, and Lucas made calls on Monday to 20-25 potential companies. 

Lucas and Jeff will coordinate to avoid reaching to the same people.

Loves and Sonic are very interested in sponsoring.

More cool things in the pipeline too.

Tailwind is interested in sponsoring TP.

#### Grants

Carlos shared a survey to guide focus for Grants. 8 people filled it out.

### Merchandise

Made a flyer for DjangoGirls. Made a shirt for SheCodes OKC Django.

Max wants to present 2018 membership swag at some point.

Discussion about a brand guide for Techlahoma.

### OKC Broadcasting Committee

Needs more volunteers. Viewers from South Africa. FCC OKC is going to do prerecorded videos once a month.

Some people are having issues with Twitch Prime subscription.

Second microphone for visitor questions.

Running AC before meetup to make the room quieter.

Chromecast for the TV the speakers see.

Discussion about committee budgets.

Discussion about groups providing their own volunteer for streaming. Training user group leaders to stream their own group.

## Action Items

### Mike Slack

We talked about hiring him to run the membership campaign.

### Vote on new board member
[Future Board Nominees Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16npdEpYtj61tsBG2gvzhAhuNkSHvE--OhiGouOotSB0/edit#gid=1840053571)

[Future Board Nominee Questionnaire](https://goo.gl/forms/wvZVpodJIelOSWhD3)

### Diversity Committee

Brittney will lead the committee. Ava will be a member.

Jeff: Recommend their first action is to bring a mandate to the board.

Kimberly motions to create this committee. Ava seconds. Motion passes without objection.

### Bill Day

Candidate for state senate. Kendall met with him about possible opportunities to volunteer with Broken Arrow Schools.

Ava replaced the square reader.


Aaron Krauss is our new board member.

## President's Report

We should be more proactive scheduling things to hold ourselves accountable.

