# July 17, 2018 7:00 pm

## Open
* Attendance
* Approve previous minutes

## Officer Reports
* [Vice President]()
* Treasurer

## Board Reports

## Committee Reports

* Conduct -- Ava
* Conferences
    - ThunderPlains -- Vance
* Civic Tech -- Carlos
* Workshop committee -- Kendall
* [User Group Tools Committee]() -- Carmen
* [User Group Outreach Committee]() -- Kimberly
* Fundraising committee
    - Membership -- Vance
    - Corporate -- Lucas
    - Grants -- Carlos
* Merchandise -- Ava
* [OKC Broadcasting Committee]() -- Kimberly

## Action Items

* Talk to Mike Slack about fundraising consulting

* Vote on new board member nominee
    - [Future Board Nominees Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16npdEpYtj61tsBG2gvzhAhuNkSHvE--OhiGouOotSB0/edit#gid=1840053571)
    - [Future Board Nominee Questionnaire](https://goo.gl/forms/wvZVpodJIelOSWhD3)

## Proposals

* Create a committee for member diversity/inclusion/outreach (Kimberly) 

## Other Updates

## President's Report 
