# August 21st, 2018 7:00 pm

## Attendance

* Ava
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Kimberly Collins
* Carmen Bourlon
* Tommy Yi
* Kendall Werts
* Lucas Watson
* Darren Gibson
* Jeff Lowe
* Jessica Campbell
* Carlos Moreno
* Luke Crouch
* Mike Slack

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Mike Slack

Mike Slack presented a plan to help with fundraising. Focus on monthly, recurring donations.

## Officer Reports


### Treasurer

Kendall shows budget information. Most items are under budget but we are not getting as much money coming in as we budgeted. Shows the need for fundraising.

Slack vote in one week once we have time to review committee budgets.

Kendall is going on maternity leave. Hope will be handling book keeping. Vance will handle Venmo reimbursements. 

Pushing townhall to October so Kendall can attend.

### Formalizing Committee Chair Responsibilities

Eligibility

A committee chair must be an active Techlahoma member

Responsibilities

  1. Set committee objectives & key results (if any)
  1. Recruit committee members (must include at least 1 board member)
  1. Oversee committee activities
  1. Report committee activities to the board at least every quarter
  1. Present proposals to the board
  1. Approves spending under committee budget

Powers

  1. Approve committee members
  1. Allocate and adjust committee budget as needed


## Committee Reports

### Conduct

No incidents.

### ThunderPlains

CFP closed. Finished first round. Aim to finish second round by the weekend. 3 sponsors have expressed very strong interest. 

### Civic Tech

* Brittany, Carlos, and hopefully a couple of Code for Muskogee peeps to attend CfA's National Brigade Congress in Oct. Hooray for OK representation!
* Our largest subject-based event, the Criminal Justice Summit is almost "sold out" at 60 attendees. Thank you to Brittany for helping w/ the event and Luke for hosting a breakout session to add features to Courtbot.
* We are in the beginning stages of partnering with the Oklahoma Policy Institute to formally/academically study the impact of Courtbot. A report will be generated from this research to send to potential philanthropic donors.

### Workshop Committee

Django girls. About 25 women. Hope to do another one in 6 months.

### User Group Tools Committee

Report is linked. Issues with user groups not making their meetup and booking starspace at least a week in advance. Also an issue with user group leaders not arriving early.

### Fundraising committee

#### Membership

Mike Slack gave his presentation.

#### Corporate

Nothing big. We have a few outstanding deliverables. One sheet benefits for Sonic and Love's. More after that.

#### Grants

Learned a lot from the board grant survey. 

### Merchandise

Put out some designs for Django girls and SheCodes Django workshop. Donor merch. Trifold and business cards. Need more volunteers to do design work.

### OKC Broadcasting Committee

Got a good start on onboarding documentation. Water damage on mixing board. Landlord has been notified about the water. Look at insurance policy to replace it.

## Action Items

Vote: Hire Mike Slack

Motion passes without objection.

## Other Updates

### #member-newsletter

Go there and give content for Techlahoma newsletter.

