# September 18, 2018 7:00 pm

## Attendance

* Ava
* Aaron Krauss
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Kimberly Collins
* Carmen Bourlon
* Tommy Yi
* Lucas Watson
* Darren Gibson
* Jeff Lowe
* Jessica Campbell

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Board Reports

## Committee Reports

### Conduct -- Ava
No incidents

### ThunderPlains
Tickets are open. We have sold 24 tickets so far. Closed two sponsorships. Tailwind for silver. Heartland Payments for silver or gold.

### Civic Tech
Carlos: Nothing new that I’m aware of. Civic tech is great; lots of peeps going to the Code for America Brigade Congress in Oct. I’ll buy my Thunderplains tickets soon. Let me know if you need anything from me.

### Workshop Committee
Kimberly wants to do a railsbridge in OKC. 

### User Group Committee
[Report](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2018/committee_reports/09_ug_comm.md)

### Fundraising Committee

#### Membership
Lucas, Kimberly and Vance met with Mike Slack about first steps on the campaign. Vance will present at every OKC user group. The goal is to get 100 monthly signups. We would like all the board members to sign up for monthly donations.

Discussion about work that needs to be done on the donation app. 

Make a video featuring people whose lives have been changed by Techlahoma.

#### Corporate

A couple of big companies that will thunderplains sponsors.

Still need the one page benefit sheet of sponsorship.

#### Grants
Carlos: Grants are in the same place

### Design Committee
We need more designers.

Aaron suggested we find a college professor who could get us college senior design majors to help us with projects.

### Broadcasting Committee

[Report](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2018/committee_reports/09_okc_broadcasting.md)

Aaron is planning on updating the onboarding docs for us.

## President's Report 

Fundraising will be a huge focus of next month. Vance will be pitching every OKC group in October he can. 
