# February

## Attendance
* Jesse
* Matthew
* Lucas
* Jeremy
* Devin
* Ryan
* Amanda
* Jessica
* Jon
* Ava
* Tommy
* Vance

Jesse: Motion to approve minutes. Second by Matt. Approved without objection.

## Slack Governance Policy

Jesse: Motion vote for [the slack policy as-is](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/31#issuecomment-269248527).

No objection.

Approved policy is available here https://github.com/techlahoma/techlahoma/wiki/Slack-Governance-Policy.

## President's Report

2017 Plan

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m63DLIJ7K4T0tMJtdYMAglUYHjQUWDi5cPKYLi1d6Ic/edit#slide=id.g1cbbef3261_1_10)

24 Techlahoma user groups in Oklahoma

Training -> Engagement -> Apprenticeship

Gamify community engagement.

Our job is to advance and empower the grassroots technology community by running usergroups, and mentorship.

Why does Techlahoma do this?

Why articulates the problem Techlahoma is solving.

Amanda talked to Mary Fallin.

### After further review, we did not have a quorum. The slack vote will take place remotely at a later date.

Sponsoring FreeCodeCamp? Motion to vote when we have quorum.

## Vice President's Report

In order for Techlahoma to do more, we need more people. Scaling.

## Treasurer's Report

[January finance report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gzt4UWP0nGA1xGZSkcZm6U1Ydh3j2VJmnzt0mJY6fvk/edit?usp=sharing)

[February finance report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fFfB6oAuziq0ZNawwKqWPyLUXeNU8LiiRu6MGiaNZcY/edit?usp=sharing)

POS system for UG donations. Jesse donated $500 earmarked for that.

~$19k in the bank.

## Secretary's Report

Met with lawyers. have bylaws to review.

## User Group Committee

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m63DLIJ7K4T0tMJtdYMAglUYHjQUWDi5cPKYLi1d6Ic/edit#slide=id.g1cb49b4f78_0_440)

12 user group applications.

Out of credit hours for ss46.

RailsBridge Tulsa (it was a success)


200OK updates
Date & Venue: June 2 @ Tulsa Library (newly remodeled)
cfp.200ok.us

BSidesOK is upcoming

OKC SQL's Intro PowerShell class is upcoming

Job Board Check-in - no news

Donation Site Check-in - need to figure out membership levels.

Recap on Women in STEM meeting with Governor Fallin (Amanda)

Should Techlahoma buy alcohol?

Jon: Creating a Techlahoma Hack Night. No food/drinks to keep cost down.

Jesse: Action item, Make a slack channel to discuss it more.


Adjourned at 8:23pm
