# March 21, 2017, 6:30pm - 7:30pm.

## Open
* Attendance
* Approve previous minutes

## Action Items
* Recognize Slack vote for Slack Governance Policy.
* Discuss and/or vote on an on-boarding document for new board members -
  https://gist.github.com/jagthedrummer/9d6176ce9053b855a7b0d00eb0aaa61b

## Officer Reports
* President
* Vice President
* Treasurer - no baby sitters the last few weeks, so no finance reports
* Secretary

## Board Reports

## Committee Reports
* Fundraising committee update (Jeremy/Lucas/Kristin)
  * Identify volunteers who will write and mail thank you notes, pick up the swag, ship the swag to donors, make sure donors receive their swag for the 2016 and 2017 shipments
  * Proposal for 2017 Membership Drive
    * Don't offer an explicit "join for X and you get Y" trade, but say that "members will recieve thank you gifts at the end of the year"
    * One time suggested donations of $64/128/256/512/1024/2048/4096/8192
    * Recurring monthly donations of $8/16/32/64/128/256/512/1024
    * Techlahoma swag store for immediate self-serve non-member-gift swag (CustomInk, CafePress, or similar)
* Usergroup committee update (Jessica)
  * Current projects:
    * (IN DEVELOPMENT) [User Group wiki](https://github.com/techlahoma/user-groups/wiki)
    * Formed a GH team in the Techlahoma organization for user group leaders. Purpose is to give them power to assign tasks that they create and close them in [techlahoma/user-groups](https://github.com/techlahoma/user-groups/).
    * [Outstanding feature requests](https://github.com/techlahoma/user-groups/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22feature+request%22)
  * [10 applications minus 1 withdrawn](https://gist.github.com/seejessicacode/b9122dff8b2b381470aeac5a3771a272)
  * How many more user groups we can afford to support?
    * [Estimated user group cost spreadsheet](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1UwrGItORfBMBSab9-Ep4zF3wnHw2y81Lx7zDXsoPjOs)
    * If one or more, may we vote on which user group(s) to onboard?
* Space Committee (Jon)
  * Proposal to form temporary sub-comittee to create partnership agreement between community spaces such as 36N and SS46. This framework will be used in future spaces.
    * Needs board members whom are not directly involved with either 36N or SS46
    * Lock in pricing model for each location to donate to Techlahoma
    * Get signed contract to seperate the identity and operations between each organization to prevent and potential for conflicts of intrest
    * Provide policy for any Techlahoma used gear by spaces
  * 200OK Wants to stream their main stage on twitch.tv/techlahoma 

## Other Updates
* BSidesOK is Thursday & Friday
* 200OK updates
  * cfp.200ok.us

## Proposals
* (Luke) Get a Techlahoma Credit Card and ditch debit cards, or use privacy.com ?
  * I thought I mis-placed my debit card, and I freaked out b/c a mis-placed debit card could potentially drain the Techlahoma bank account?
* (Luke) Now that we have an official Slack policy, let's create a #jobs channel. I have multiple job-seekers asking where they can go to talk to people about potential jobs. A #jobs channel seems like an obvious place for that kind of chat.
* (Jon) Techlahoma Hack Night - 1st Tuesday of each month in parallel with Tulsa Web Devs Hack night. Rebrand both events into simply "Techlahoma Hack Night". 

## President's Report 
