# March

## Attendance
* Jesse
* Matthew
* Jeremy
* Devin
* Ryan
* Amanda
* Jon
* Tommy
* Vance
* Tasha Kay
* Dustin
* Luke
* Ava

Minutes approved.

## Finance Report

Finance Update [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LD90hIaHE2wTrsjY9U5Pzy31bBk_9H8rSgFzEknlxhA/edit#slide=id.g1abb0b9b01_0_6)

## Slack

Voted on slack policy in slack between meetings.

Promote from wiki to the website. Add sticky message to slack.

## Onboarding

Jeremy: document for on boarding board members. Needs review. https://gist.github.com/jagthedrummer/9d6176ce9053b855a7b0d00eb0aaa61b

Ryan: still need to sign new board members up for oklahoma center for non profits.

## Fundraising Committee

Jeremy: We want to add the ability to do a recurring subscription in addition to the one time donations. Lowering donation amounts.

Changing gift model to a "surprise gift at the end of the year commensurate with your donation". Ideally not sized items (coasters, mugs, pint glasses, socks).

Legal concerns about donations versus selling goods for a Techlahoma swag store.

Co-working discount. We need to not list that as a membership benefit. the spaces can offer it though. "Student Discounts". Techlahoma could list "partners that provide benefits for members".

last year two swag orders. second one has been placed and should be in next week.

We should be ready to start the membership drive whenever.

Define monetary requirements for a member.

Jeremy: Figure out a target date for launch.

Jesse: Thank you to the fundraising committee for handling all this.

## User Group Committee

Jesse: user group wiki

10 open applications.

Jesse: Jessica worked on a [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UwrGItORfBMBSab9-Ep4zF3wnHw2y81Lx7zDXsoPjOs/edit#gid=1868897540). Mostly affects OKC. Shows how much we are using starspace and our costs per group.

Vance: What do the Tulsa Groups costs us for meeting?

Jon: Will be answered in a later report.

Jon: Reapplication process for user groups. Sunset clause.

Tasha Kay: Data Science LLC. Originally data consulting company, now moving tulsa forward using data. Ready to register with the state. In depth conversations with tulsa city hall. City will be their first client. Offering services for free right now. Not related to the tulsa data science group. How can Data Science LLC support Techlahoma?

Ryan: How do we work with organizations like this? Temporary committee to report back to board.

Jeremy: make a slack channel.

Jon: Intention and partnership agreement with Starspace and techlahoma. This should be a requirement for all event spaces and partnerships. Avoid conflicts of interest.

Jesse: Agree. Clear paper trail.

Dustin: 36 North has a one-pager for this.

## Space Committee

Jon: Groups are seeing ~20 concurrent users on twitch. Working with a tulsa partner who has something similar. Joining forces.

Jeremy: What are we doing for recognition for plank owners.

Jon: Need to figure out budgetary concerns.

Jesse: Artwork with their names in the space.

Jon: 200OK is wanting to broadcast their conference. Jon/Ava will go to Tulsa for that? Need to figure out logistics.

## 200OK Report

Luke: CFP site is up. Email blast from Techlahoma/other events.

Jesse: Giving Mailchimp access to Luke.

Luke: Call someone a sponsor if they send 3+ people.

Vance: Some companies do not want their logo on the site. Make sure to get permission from companies.

Luke: Library is donating the space.

Luke: Attendance count is 200 and that's ok.

Luke: Need help promoting the CFP.

## Proposals

### Banking
Luke: Consider moving techlahoma debit card to a credit card.

Easier user management for techlahoma card access.

Ryan: Take proposal to finance committee.

Tasha Kay: Look into credit unions.

Vance: Some do not issue business accounts.

### Jobs channel

Jobs channel has been created.

Job board has ssl.

adding email triggers to job board.

19 jobs currently on the board.

### Techlahoma Hack Night

Jon: Good way to bring in small user groups and give them a place to meet. No agenda. Looking to find food sponsors. Jon volunteers to run it.

Ryan: Is this a user group or a separate thing?

Jon: idea is to promote smaller user groups and improve culture.

Jesse: Motion to do a techlahoma hack night and give jon the latitude to make decisions.

Motion passes without objection.

Ryan: Optimize volunteer hours. Propose bringing on a "logistics coordinator". 25-30k salary. Fundraising efforts for this purpose. Move on it next month. Ryan will bring on a salary range, and job description.

Dustin: Worth exploring. Need more information. Could help relieve board members and provide breathing room.

Vance: Concerns about the budget.

## Vice President's Report

Overall, we have more worthwhile things to do for Oklahoma than we are doing. How do we balance scarce resources to do them? Also, money. This would allow us to do more events and bring more services to people.

* Bridge Idea
* Twitch

Outreach committee. to get to as many people as possible in the state.

Ava: Went to NoiseBridge. Run on donations. Proposing to build a bridge between oklahoma, sf, and munich, germany. Going to present it to code for okc.

Jesse: Possible hack night idea.

Vance: What do we have to build?

Ava: vision is the bridge in star trek. need to spec out further. need volunteers.

Ryan: Propose each committee has a meeting before the board meeting and prepares a report for the board meeting.


