
# July

## Attendance

* Jesse
* Matthew
* Jeremy (remote)
* Amanda
* Ava
* Jon
* Jessica
* Luke
* Vance
* Lucas
* Dustin
* Tatiana

Minutes approved.

## Action Items
* We did not have quorum tonight so action items will be suspended

## Officer Reports

## Committee report
# Stream team - Jon
 - We are now a twitch affiliate and now we can make some $$$
 - Going to create 3 sub committees
    - Gear
    - Production - Ava
    - Integrations - Jesse
 - Wants a budget to fund a work day approx. $100
 - Needs labels, adapters for new mac books, tri-pod, camera lense, etc. approx 1500 - 2000
    - Start a campaign to fund this
# User Group - Jessica and Ava
 - 4 outstanding usergroup applications - Jessica
    - Tulsa UX - voted in
    - CocoHeads - voted in
    - Agile OKC - needs more info
    - 
 - UG improvements - Ava
  - Application overhaul
  - Onboarding limitations
  - Rotators - every other month, seasonal etc
  - More integrations needed
- Jessica - Want to have a yearly renewal process for existing usergroups
 Jesse : We should vote to have the UG team to come up with a structure / plan to handle the improvements on the usergroup model
  - Anyone who wants to have a say should voice their inputs to the committee
  - vote taken : passed

# Thunderplains - Vance
 - 121 proposals so far
 - 5 days left
## Other Updates
# CodeHub - Luke
 - Helps new coders find jobs through apprenticeship
 - presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K_XZu8EVX6OEdYU-HLR4Onrb3bVoaxc_SDxU1goFXWM/edit#slide=id.p
 Dustin : Executive Director would allow us to help implement the CodeHub initiative
# Executive Director - Ryan
 - Call for approval for plan to hire the director : passed
 - job description:  https://docs.google.com/document/d/15VTZTJpCFyn8pv7Q1oFKBMkDbthFuiMc9ibIjsCr_T0/edit

# 1Password
 - vote to purchase 1Password for all board members : passed

- Vance - let's push our fundraising campaign!
