# September 2017, 6:30pm - 7:30pm.

## Open
* Attendance
* Approve previous minutes

## Action Items

## Officer Reports
* President
* Vice President
* Treasurer
* Secretary

## Board Reports

## Committee Reports
- Fundraising Committee
  - Annual Campaign
- User Group Committee (Jessica/Matthew)
  - [Outstanding user group applications](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1C8SEkSdqmmYE7cNbXtc07TjVipYglcdh0Mvpx9bqZBw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Current projected UG expenses](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FQkQl1yKxmMgjtNTJOJ4ELOGUdiEXUwSccidMye5Jds/edit?usp=sharing)
  - VOTE: New User Group - Texoma Coders
## Other Updates

### We need to start planning gifts for members

Please start thinking about what types of gifts you'd like to see given to memebers, and at what donation level. We'll need to find suppliers for whatever gifts we want to give. An ideal scenario would be to pick gifts that do no involve the member needing to pick anything or specify any color or size preference. Ideally we'd send an order to the supplier along with names and addresses for each member, and have the supplier ship directly to the member. If we could get all the gifts from a single supplier that would be great, but I don't think that's a requirement. We should try to have a plan ready to vote on for next month.
  

## Proposals

## President's Report 
