# September Minutes

## Attendance
* Jesse
* Jessica
* Devin
* Matt
* Vance
* Amanda
* Jeremy
* Jon
* Dustin
* Lucas
* Ava

Motion to approve minutes. Approved without objection.

## Committee Reports

### Fundraising Committee
Need to figure out gifts for members. Ideally nothing with sizes or colors, and using a company for fulfillment. 

Ava: coupon for Techlahoma store. Printful. 

Need to see if we can pay the shipping costs for printful coupons.

We should consider making a special member shirt again this year.

Jesse: I would like to see a design before thunder plains to show and do a big ask.

### User Group Committee


Motion to close issue for Tulsa LUG application. Approved without objection.

#### Tulsa Agile Alliance

Affiliated group. Only potential expense would be the meetup.

Motion to approve this group. 

#### Texoma Coders

One leader. Brand new user group. We are lacking representation in the area. Asking for food. They are going to work with their local library for a venue.

Lucas: 3-6 month trial for this group?

Ask leader to plan out content.

Jeremy: official process for 2 month trial for groups.



## Thunder Plains Updates

64 ticket sales. 325 cap. ~$6k in sales. 

WeGoLook signed a sponsorship contract.


### The Hub

something like okcoders but Techlahoma run. $20k from LTFF pledge. 

Jesse: Propose we follow through with this goal, and to make sure the groups we have now are being taken care of for the rest of the year.

Need to focus more on corporate sponsorships.

looking for ideas to smooth out the groups we have, and convert that to a possible revenue stream for us. 

Need to send the user group script to user group leaders so they can read it at the beginning of the group. 

Find a caterer for user groups to automate food ordering.

We need to get better about asking the community for help.
