# October Minutes

## Attendance
* Jesse
* Devin
* Matt
* Vance (remote)
* Amanda
* Jeremy (remote)
* Jon
* Lucas
* Jessica
* Dustin
* Luke
* Tommy (remote)

Motion to approve minutes. Approved without objection.

## User Group Reimbursement Proposal

Plan for how we want to reimburse user group leaders. Amanda or Matt buying food does not scale.

Sliding Scale:

- Growing (2-15 members) $4/person
  - OKC PHP
  - TULSA GAME DEVS
  - Code for Muskogee

- Established (15-50 members) $4.50/person

- Flourishing (50+ members) $6/person
  - OKCFP
  - OKCJS
  - TULSA web devs
  - TULSA UX

- UG you buy the food
- sends us a receipt, or email github it.
- post picture on meetup
- read the script
- post an accurate description and encourage attendance on meetup
- treasurer uses bank rule to associate name with account.

Attendence is based on meetup rsvp and actual group attendence.

Puts the pressure on the user group leader and not the techlahoma volunteer.

How do we track who actually attended? Trusting the user group leaders to provide an accurate headcount, and share photos of the group on meetup.

Vance: Add a minimum. Maybe $15.

Empowering the user group leader to have freedom on how they feed the group.

Jon: Have we asked the user group leaders about this change? Concrete numbers.

Jeremy: There might be other solutions we can explore.

Matt: Normal cost is between $30-70 for groups.

Dustin: Propsing we vote for $4 per person, and make a decision about growth scales once we have more information.

Jessica: Reimbursement deadline?
Jesse: one month.

Jeremy: more safety for the user group leader.
Dustin: give the treasurer the power to make the decision.

Vance: use meetup numbers, and reimburse based on that.

Jesse: Motion to approve. $4/person flat rate. meetup numbers. The treasurer makes the call if anything is in question. Matt seconds.

Tommy: 70-80% of meetup rsvp is usually accurate.

Vote passes with jeremy and jon voting against.

5 minute break.

## Board Nominations

Jeremy: when is the change in UG food expected to go into effect and how will it be communicated?

Jessica: as soon as the 2018 board votes on UGs in January.

Presentations from/about each nominee


## Executive Director
Luke and Dustin did not get enough positive feedback from potential donors for an executive director. It is officially on hold.


Amanda and Jesse are taking a year off from the board because Amanda is 7 months pregnant.

Jeremy also is not running for re-election.

Jon will be resigning January 1st.

## Budget

[2018 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16rx-MBMhtQL9eW-xld8RmFV7wJ94j9qrQPGgXd7M5tk/edit#gid=1233956008)


## Board Results

### New Members:
Ava
Kimberly
Carlos
Carmen
Lucas
Devin
Matt
Kendall
Luke
Vance

## Grant Application for Google Impact Challenge

Potential 100k from Google. Join #google-grant-okc on slack.

## 200 OK 2018 is May 18

Mozilla & Microsoft already confirmed sponsorship


