# May 21, 2019 6:00 pm

## Attendance
* Ava
* Tommy Yi
* Lucas Watson
* Devin Clark
* Jeff Lowe
* Kimberly Collins
* Carmen Bourlon
* Kristin Garcia
* Aaron Kraus
* Carlos Moreno

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Board Reports

No update on dead center.

### Thank you callouts - All Boardmembers

* Luke - for securing the grant
* 200OK volunteers - Brendan Hill, Carlos Angon, Diana Varnes, Kendall Werts, Jeremy Satterfield, John Dungan, Luke Crouch, Maxx Crawford, Patrick Forringer, Travis Miller
* Kimberly - Work on organizing the Networking Event!
* Chris Tse & Alex Ayon - Volunteer work with the Networking event
* Carmen & Kimberly - Help making 1st thank you writing session a success.

### Thank You Card Session

First session was very successful. Jeff, Carmen, and Kimberly completed the first session.

The following board members still need to sign up: Luke, Carlos, Lucas, Vance, Tommy, Ava, Kendall, Aaron, and Diana.

### Tour of Rack59

Jeff, Carmen, and Kimberly recieved a very long tour. It should be a great resource for Techlahoma groups and workshops.

## Committee and Program Participation

Boardmembers must serve on at least one committee or program (either as chair or as active participating member)

As a general rule and for effective succession planning, we need to have at least 2 chairs for programs and committees. Jeff will be working with chairs on securing 2nd chairs. Please let me know if you have someone in mind, or if you have a strong interest.

Boardmembers serving on committees, programs, & as officers:

* UGs Chairs: Carmen & Kristin
* UGs Members: ?
* Conf & Events Chairs: Vance & Luke
* Conf & Events Members: Carmen, Devin
* Workshops Chairs: Kendall & ???
* Workshops Members: Diana, Kimberly
* Membership Chairs: Ava & Diana
* Membership Members: Kimberly, Devin, Kendall, Luke, Jeff, Carlos, Kristin, Diana
* Fundraising Chairs: Lucas & ???
* Fundraising Members: Luke
* Marketing Chairs: Carlos & ???
* Marketing Members: Jeff, Kristin
* Content Creation Chairs: Kimberly & ???
* Content Creation Members: Kristin, Aaron
* Infrastructure Chairs: Devin & ???
* Infrastructure Members: Carmen
* Officers: Devin, Jeff, Kendall, Luke

Boardmember not serving on a committee or program
* Tommy

### Program Reports

#### Workshops

Django in Tulsa and OKC Rails were successful workshops. Norman Public Library is interested in partnering with techlahoma for streaming.

#### 200OK

No update. Attendees seem to have thought it was well planned.

#### April Networking Event

Successful event. Lots of feedback for the next one.

#### ThunderPlains

176 CFP submissions as of now. It ends on Friday.

### Committee Reports

#### Fundraising

Hubspot has been set up. Several people have been adding in contacts. Lucas is going to be bulk loading in data then building frameworks for campaigns.

We need an executive director and paid staff. Suggestion to do a capital campaign to raise money for this.

We have a superfan in Florida that would like us to be a Humble Bundle partner so people could choose us as an option when buying humble bundles.

Next steps on the license plate are that we start completely over and it will be 2020 legislative session before we can get the plate sponsored again. 

#### Content Creation

Kimberly: Need more volunteers. See attached report.

#### Membership

Ava: No update.

Kimberly: We had a good amount of people at our booth at BSides. Went very well overall. Volunteer hours report.

Diana is a co-chair of the membership committee.


#### Marketing

Carlos: No real update. Semester is over so he has fewer obligations and can focus more on Techlahoma. Will do some gentle reminders for capital campaign and membership. Better tagging for videos online.

Matt Woods did a great job making a video for the license plate.

#### Infrastructure

I got hubspot in place. 9 of you have not accepted your invitation. The contact form on the website is now going through hubspot. If anyone would like to be a co-chair, let me know.

Working with Lucas to get a framework in place for sponsors.


### Unfinished Business

Vote to Approve the Program & Committee Core Responsibilities and 2019 Goals.

Vote passes without objection. The document will be moved to github as the source of truth.

### New Business

Who owns networking events? Conferences and Events seems logical.

Vote: Shall Conferences and Events Program take lead on establishing recurring Networking events.

Vote passes without objection.

#### Executive Director Initiative

Luke and Kendall met with Lindsay Jordan. She is recommending a growth strategy. Transitioning us from a volunteer organization to a staff run organization. She is recommending a two month engagement where she works with the board and the officers, does auditing with the board to gauge our readiness for institutional funding. Volunteers interviews and quantative analysis ending with a game plan for us to get to a full time staff and executive director.

Luke has also gone the next step and identified a potential benefactor for this. Not 100% but possible they will cover the cost. $4000 for a two month engagement.

The officers will provide a full proposal and possibly have Lindsay present it.

