# May 21, 2019 6:00 pm

## Open
* Attendance (please be on call with video enabled)
* Approve [March 2019 board meeting minutes](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/03_march_minutes.md) (April meeting cancelled, lack of quorum)

## Officer Reports
* Vice President
* Treasurer
    - [Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tw-q8jl-9VMMZ2OmxKM6sCq0A82pPU8yLPMsnaI-DGE/edit?usp=sharing)
    - [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BdSo4lCJLIDFu0a3EfQ3AWu2wgmotYP-qIzIDC4PXsk/edit?usp=sharing)

## Board Reports
* Dead Center / Tech Center event opportunity followup - Tommy
* Thank you callouts - All Boardmembers
  * Luke - for securing the grant
  * 200OK volunteers - Brenden Hill, Carlos Angon, Diana Varnes, Kendall Werts, Jeremy Satterfield, John Dungan, Luke Crouch, Maxx Crawford, Patrick Forringer, Travis Miller
  * Kimberly - Work on organizing the Networking Event!
  * Chris & Alex - Volunteer work with the Networking event
  * Carmen & Kimberly - Help making 1st thank you writing session a success.
* Thank you card sessions report - Jeff
  * 1st one successfully completed!
  * [The Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-Vx8Q__uGzHx4jvDSHpQ5BwxbJiAGdgKF1_hv6JOYO0/edit?usp=sharing) 
  * Everyone (particularly Program & Committee chairs) need to add to list of people to thank.
  * Board members must signup (response to calendar invite) for at least 1 session
  * Board who completed 1 session: Jeff, Kimberly, Carmen
  * Board who have Signed Up: July - Kristen, Devin, Carmen, Jeff  | Oct - Jeff | Jan - Kristen, Jeff
  * Board needing to sign up: Luke, Carlos, Lucas, Vance, Tommy, Ava, Kendall, Aaron, Diana 
* Tour of Rack59 & 7725 event facilities
  * Carmen, Kimberly, and Jeff toured Rack59 & 7725 event facilities
  * They want to partner with Techlahoma to help community and raise awareness of their facility. Willing to host UGs, events, workshops for free.
  * Great location for Workshop hosting & our next Networking event
  * Possible UG meeting simulcasting location in Conference rooms
  * Possible UG meeting location
  * Discussed community need for new hardware-focused UG.
  * Jeff will take point in growing Techlahoma's relationship with Rack59 & 7725, sharing info with Events, UGs, Workshops, and other relevant programs and committees as needed.
  * Bottomline, a great resource for workshops, events, and user groups.
* Committee and Program boardmember participation
  * Boardmembers must serve on at least one committee or program (either as chair or as active participating member)
  * As a general rule and for effective succession planning, we need to have at least 2 chairs for programs and committees.  Jeff will be working with chairs on securing 2nd chairs.  Please let me know if you have someone in mind, or if you have a strong interest.
  * Boardmembers serving on committees, programs, & as officers:
    * UGs Chairs: Carmen & Kristen
    * UGs Members: ?
    * Conf & Events Chairs: Vance & Luke
    * Conf & Events Members: Carmen, Devin
    * Workshops Chairs: Kendall & ???
    * Workshops Members:
    * Membership Chairs: Ava & ???
    * Membership Members: Kimberly, Devin, Kendal, Luke, Jeff, Carlos, Kristen, Diana
    * Fundraising Chairs: Lucas & ???
    * Fundraising Members: Luke
    * Marketing Chairs: Carlos & ???
    * Marketing Members: Jeff, Kristen
    * Content Creation Chairs: Kimberly & ???
    * Content Creation Members: Kristen, Aaron
    * Infrastructure Chairs: Devin & ???
    * Infrastructure Members: Carmen
    * Officers:  Devin, Jeff, Kendall, Luke
  * Boardmember not serving on a committee or program
    * Tommy

## Program Reports
* Workshops - Kendall
  * Rails OKC Workshop - Kimberly
  * Possibility of ThunderPlains precons and partnership with Norman Public Library - Kimberly
* Conferences & Events 
  * Thunderplains - Vance
  * 200OK - Luke
  * April Networking Event general report - Kimberly
* User Groups - Carmen

## Committee Reports
* Fundraising - Lucas 
  * License Plate Initiative next steps?
* [Content Creation](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/05_content_creation.md) - Kimberly
* Membership - Ava
  * BSidesOK/License Plate - Kimberly
* Marketing - Carlos
* Infrastructure -  Devin
  * HubSpot CRM?

## Unfinished Business
* Approve the [Program & Committee Core Responsibilities and 2019 Goals](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t0DvSRjUgFmTVYmfO7f9LaAyMJMfndnA-FrbGCwjWy8/edit?usp=sharing) - Jeff
  * Post approval Action item for Devin - Update Committees repo README with the revised Programs overview section and the revised Committees section (the overview, chairs, chair responsibilities, etc sections)
  * Post approval Action item for Program & Committee chairs - Post your Committee or Program section to the Committees GitHub repo markdown file.  This will be the official public viewable reference.
  * FYI, all Board tasking of Programs and Committees will occur in repo https://github.com/techlahoma/techlahoma/issues (tagged with their name)


## New Business
* Shall Conferences and Events Program take lead on establishing recurring Networking events? - Jeff
* Executive Director initiative recommendation - Officers

## President's Report 

