### November
* sound check for remotes - can they hear both sides of the table.

#### Financials
* Last month IO spending
  * Thunder Plains
  * User Groups

### User Groups

### Thunder Plains

#### Administrative items
* Offboarding 2014-2015 officer member  (rob is sunsetting)
* Onboarding 2016-2017 officer member and board members
	- 2016 list Matt, Jeremy, Lucas, Luke, Devin
	- we spent time recapping by laws
	- vote next month for approval *** add item**
	- vote to approve rules *** add item**
* 1023EZ (PDF available from our October submission)
	* create subcommitte of amanda, jeremy, rob to handle logistics and update next month * **add/create for an update	**
* Discuss Mike Slack as a potential 6 month non-profit consultant for Techlahoma
	*  	mike proposes 6 month engagement- 20 hour a month retainer.
	*  **Vote to approve his proposal  - vote on Nov 24th**
* Discuss timeline for yea/nae Techlahoma and 404 merger
	* 	this is to align missions? is co-working central or a distraction
	*  Move to issue, figure this out 
* Did we follow up with DNSimple about sponsorship acceptance? Who will update site?
	* rob will email dude and update site
* Vote to approve or refine Techlahoma Software Lifecycle and Governance
  - https://gist.github.com/datachomp/f8e2c026118b6f7885f7
  - 
* Delete empty/dead repos (default action is rob to delete, vote for which to keep)
  - https://gist.github.com/datachomp/fa62cf70fc9bdc481dd4
  - keep job board
* Space Program
  - Share details (space, finances, timeframe) on potential Techlahoma Community Space Tommy has located
* Vote if we should allow board votes to happen in the open forum or not

#### Open Forum
* Anyone leading the jobs board project? Luke has interest from a few tech recruiting companies to put jobs in front of Tulsa Web Devs and/or sponsor Techlahoma
	* 	Jeremy and Matt will throw it up, and we just watch it
