Attendees:
  - Ryan Hoegg
  - Patrick Foringer
  - Luke Crouch (remote)
  - Vance Lucas
  - Jeremy Green
  - Lucas Watson
  - Jesse Harlin
  - Jeremy Green
  - Matt Riley
  - Amanda Harlin
  - Devin Clark
  - Rob Sullivan
  - Carmen and Company
  - Jeff French
  
#Awareness, Tech

* Scheduling meetings with Chamber of Commerce / Local Government. / Did 36
  * Witchita would tweet at the mayor
  * Code for America /Scott Phillips worked with officials
  * Luke knows someone at the Daily Oklahoma
  * OK social
* Contacting media outlets like Wichita, KS, Kansas City, KS, and Tulsa, OK. Goal is to raise awareness, support, and financial backing.
  * Recording meeting mentioned
  * Luke knows a member of the Daily Oklahoman
  * Measure meeting attendance
    *emails?
* Confirming members have access to online services (websites, finances, password managers, accounts, etc)
  * Vance can get into Legal Zoom
  * Techlahoma Email Box
  * Get email domains for everyone
    * We will forward for now until Federal Status is finalized
  * Single captain, for code for tulsa (board@techlahom.org)
* Get bios from everyone for the site
* We attended the Oklahoma center for nonprofits (Vance, Jesse, Ryan, Amanda)
  * Ryan explained how the board works (in term of elections and time)
  * Explained how projects and board is organized
  * Explained the mission
  * Expected to give time talent and treasure
  * Attendence requirement
  * CFoI
  * Put Programs on site
* Using super-user accounts for easier volunteer integration (helping new leaders gain access to account when current leaders deal with lack of time, moving, or burnout)
* New subdomains to set up (including legal.techlahoma.org)
  * donate
  * legal/info
  * community
  * jobs
  * calendar
* Branding for Techlahoma
  * mozilla branding(tabzilla) [ Jeremy ]
* Techlahoma Slack + IRC (block: can't log into irc via PW manager until PC is set up again)
  * Amanda will possibly handle Slack replacement project
* Heroku needed for Techlahoma Slackin (Devin mentioned helping with this)
  * Open program for now, but we need this
* Volunteers for Techlahoma - how can they help?
  * Github issues
    * labels, 'good first bug', etc.
  * avaiable programs
  * program owners
  * thunderplains
  * attend a board meeting
* Discuss any open issues/pull requests (pause)

#Finances

* Access to Bank of Oklahoma accounts - should all board members need to have their own BOK card as well ?
* Finances (costs of pizza, heroku, domains, meetup.com for groups needs to be factored into operating budget)
  * Pizza Form (make issue)
  * Expensify? 
* Board Insurance
  * Ryan has a business insurance
* Sponsorship/donation drive
  * thunder plains
  * recognize sponsors
* Federal Paperwork - budgets for 3 years needed
* Possible fundraising opportunities

#Community

* Getting community leaders involved (like John Kerber)
* 200OK in 2016 - can we help/volunteer/donate? Are they curating talks or can we send them the best applications from Thunder Plains?
  * we can help volunteer
  * we can set up open CFP
* Prototek - meeting with them in 2 weeks
* Email list
* We will begin head count and
  * opt in techlahoma list
* Techlahoma Community Space? Discuss needs, show photos of spaces
* Thunder Plains updates - timeline for selecting speakers, budget, sponsors to meet with/contact, youth tickets (0-12 free, 12-18 reduced cost?), costs of t-shirts/shirt vendors, stickers, afterparty,
