# Minutes

## Attendence
* Vance Lucas
* Ryan Hoegg
* Lucas Watson
* Jeremy Green
* Devin Clark
* Matthew Reily
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin
* Ada Harlin
* Mike Slack

Software governance policy discussion.

Jesse calls for a vote to approve software policy and techlahoma.org, us.techlahoma.org (blog roll, etc), donate.techlahoma.org.

Ryan moved to not approve the software policy and to revise immediately after the meeting. Vance seconded. The vote was unanimously approved by all present board members.

New tulsa data science meetup. Luke Crouch. They will be meeting at 36 North. 

Jesse would like a list of all the tulsa user groups.

More discussion about new groups.

Jesse is going to make an issue with to get a full list of user groups. 

Ryan mentioned a future discussion about "techlahoma groups" and "techlahoma endorsed groups".

### Financials
* Xero Integration updates -- Vance needs the bank password. Create an account for each user group in techlahoma.

Donator obligations - review donor obligations draft and approve.

Vance wants to create a sponsor obligations committee. Lucas and Kristin have volunteered for it. We will get an update from them at the next board meeting.

Luke would also like to be a part of the committee.

### Earmarked Donations
We are going to have to address earmarks in the future.

Jesse would like to propose there is not a reason to not take a regional earmark. Ex. OKC vs Tulsa.

We need to make a policy with the critera for earmarks. 

Luke proposes the sponsor committee write a draft for this. 
Lucas proposes we handle this on a case-by-case basis. Ryan is concerned about approval time. 
Jesse suggests we combine these ideas. 

Mike would like to be involved in these discussions.

### Project Updates
This is the first month we are sponsoring code for okc.

Luke: Code across hack night. Mostly an FYI

Thunder Plains Committee - need members. Need to make decisions soon on venue. We will decide on chair for committee once the committe is formed.

Luke: View Source Event asks if Techlahoma would be interested in an Oklahoma event. Looking for potential organizers. Not completely sure if regional events will happen.

### Space Program
We voted in December to bring Tommy Yi and John Kerber as advisors on the space program. Jesse wants to plan a meeting dedicated to this

VOTE: Authorized in principal to enter into a lease. Need to identify a board member Tommy can consult with on the lease negotiations. 404 LLC will donate all their assets to Techlahoma. 404 will cease operations once the co-working.

Vote was unamiously approved by all present board members.


Lucas moves Job Board questions to be answered by the job board committe when that is formed.

Matt is the chair of the job board committe. Vance and Lucas volunteer to join the committee.

Jesse proposes quartly townhall meetings with all user groups and community leaders involved. Vote was unamously approved by all present board members.









