# Minutes

## Attendence
* Vance Lucas
* Ryan Hoegg (remote)
* Lucas Watson
* Jeremy Green
* Devin Clark
* Matthew Reily
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin
* Ada Harlin
* Mike Slack
* Luke Crouch (remote)
* James Simpson
* Garry Booker (remote)
* Mark (big data)
* Jon Kerber

VOTE: Minutes were approved unanimous.

Majority of board members required to pass. 

VOTE: the definition of what it means to be a techlahoma user group. [Details](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/29)
Lucas makes a motion to approve this formal definition of a user group. Reily seconds. Vote is approved by all members.

Jeremy moves to stay software governance policy until next month. There are no objections.

VOTE: Close board meetings to the public. [Details](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/30)
Passes unanimous. 

VOTE: approve slack governance policy [Details](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/31)

There is concern about the language of the of the policy. Jeremy and Vance both voted to not approve the policy. All other members voted to approve the motion.

Lucas Watson is giving a presentation about financial contributions.

VOTE: fundraising levels in [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1N9KxXZpLf5y5BJKsJgzFcdKukbDevesVZO-fDRzQVWo/edit#slide=id.g11964ec562_0_0)
The fundraising levels are unanimously approved.

### Projects
James has a question about how (for example) t-shirt donations from unity would be handled at a user group meeting. Possible conflicts?

#### Themeroller update and donation site update
Jeremy: Donation site is ready for annual and monthly subscriptions. 

#### Job board
Matt: No progress

#### xero integration
Vance: Moved to lessaccounting from xero. 
Ryan wants to reclassify the thunder plains expenses as event expenses.
We will have to file taxes this calendar year because we are over $50k in revenue.
Vance: We will set up access for officers who need it.

#### okcoders
Luke: Move okcoders from ou ccew to under techlahoma in the future.
Luke: Verbal from gkff for $5-10k donation

#### Insurance
Ryan: Quote from insurance broker [Details](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/32)
employment practices covers hiring practices. 
Jeremy concerned about $100k in assets for quote.
Option 1 is unanimously approved.
Option 2 [Details](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/33) is unanimously approved.
Option 3 [Details](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/34) is unanimously approved.

Jesse thinks option 2 is the best.

#### Space Program
Tommy: Things to consider with proposed organizational structure and language behind the lease.
Lease is not sign-ready. Money will be needed for laywers and exhibits. Language changes.
Lawyer recommends all major contracts go through a pass-through llc. 
Discussion about discriminatory power for non-profits. 

Options for 1 llc and 2 llcs. 

The lawyer (Doug) can generate options for how to structure the LLCs. Tommy has created graphs and explanations for why we should do this.

Jesse: Leaving a vote up to Tommy and Ryan. I am also ok with calling an emergency meeting between now and next month to handle a vote, if we want to act sooner. 

Jesse: There is nothing actionable at this point. If there is, we can conduct this in the space-program slack channel.

Ryan wants to ensure 100% of board members are familiar with the vote and vote.

Jesse: Discussion about the fragility of prototek as a space.

### Presence Report
Things are going really well. Thunder Plains videos are being shared nationally.

Jesse calls the meeting to a close at 7:54pm.












