
## Attendance
* Luke Crouch
* Tommy Yi
* Kristin Ferrier
* Jeremy Green
* Lucas Watson
* Vance Lucas
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin
* Ada Harlin
* Devin Clark


VOTE: minutes are unanimously approved by all present board members.

Jeremy explains https://gist.github.com/datachomp/f8e2c026118b6f7885f7#gistcomment-1700549.

VOTE: [software governance policy](https://gist.github.com/datachomp/f8e2c026118b6f7885f7#gistcomment-1700549) is unanimously approved by all present board members.

Luke explains the gift acceptance policy.
VOTE: [gift acceptance policy](https://donate.techlahoma.org/giftpolicy) is unanimously approved by all present board members.

## Program News

### 200OK
CFP is open. One Techlahoman submission. CTO of Untapped, Greg Avola, is the keynote speaker.

Jesse: We need to set up the drip campaign for 200ok.

### TulsaPy
First meeting will be a breakout at tulsa web devs.

Either Vance or Luke will handle conversation with tulsapy sponsor, Consumer Affairs.
Vance is going to send an email to them to follow up.

### Thunder Plains 2016

Looking for venues. Botanical Gardens or Will Rogers is the favorite.
Doing it on our own, rather than with Innotech to create a better feel for the conference.
We need to get things going very soon.
This will allow us to utilize more volunteers.


### Insurance

We got insurance. Ryan is not here to speak about it.

## Accounting
Vance has given Luke access to lessaccounting for sponsorships.

## Fundraising Committee
Jesse has been speaking at user groups with the techlahoma presentation.
Luke would like to do cross-pollination talks between okc and tulsa.
Luke is going to give a version of Jesse's techlahoma presentation at tulsa web devs.

## Fundraiser
$10,572 to date on the fundraiser.
We are not going to do monthly giving now. We will revisit at some point, maybe.

Identify user group hero targets.
Lucas thinks he can get robert half on board.
Jesse will speak to telogical
Ryan will do April.
Lucas will talk to love's, american fidelity, oseberg.

Vote: Vance proposed adding t-shirts to all the levels. Unanimously approved by all present board members.

Amanda will backfill data for current backers.

Conversation for the design and pricing of swag has been moved to the committee.

Lucas: We need to schedule a fundraising committee meeting.

## Accounting
Vance gives details about current finances.

Jesse would like to set up a meeting for the categories in lessaccounting. Vance will handle this.
Vance has set up matching with benevity(?).

## Space Program
A new llc has been created called downtown innovation center, llc. This is the lease holder for the new space. Tommy, Ryan and Amanda are holders of this llc. The lease is close to a finalized lease. Missing architect sketches and narratives. After that, one last round of review. Renovations will not start until the lease is signed. The business owner has already started exterior renovations.

Tentative open date July 1st.

Tommy will provide org structure for co-working soon in #space-program on slack.

## Things that need assignment
* Luke needs someone to help with GKFF grant request. Amanda and Jesse will handle it.
* UG Attendance Form
* First Townhall Meeting (Open Space Technology), we are considering asking Blake Thompson or Jonathan Yarbor.

Luke would like to organize a okc-tulsa townhall before 200ok.

## Questions for Mike
Nothing. We will ask questions in slack if some come up.
