
## Attendance
* Luke Crouch (remote)
* Mike Slack
* Jeremy Green (remote)
* Josh Hamilton (remote)
* Lucas Watson
* Vance Lucas
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin
* Ada Harlin
* Devin Clark

Jesse: Motion to approve minutes. Ryan seconds. Minutes are approved unanimously. 

Luke gave a list of speakers for 200OK. 70-75 submissions.

Techlahoma received a check from Mozilla for 200OK sponsorship.

Vance: We are looking at venues. Break from innotech. More work but no longer splitting profit with innotech. 2 days, looking at devon boathouse. 200 people max. Currently in negotiations.

Ryan wants to discuss why we are not using starspace for the venue. It is not big enough and disruptive for co-working.

Thunder Plains committee.

The goal is to open the cfp by the end of the month (beginning of may) for thunderplains.

Josh Hamilton: TulsaJS

Maybe 2 meetings a month, lunch and evening. Josh wants to bring the group back. Jesse recommends the venue not be a bar to make the event more inclusive. C# used to meet twice but it was too much work for organizers.
Techlahoma is interested in supporting tulsajs.

Jesse: Luke has purchasing power in tulsa and can handle group needs.

Jesse: Fork okcjs hexo site for an easy site.

Community Software: no updates?

Ryan: met with an insurance agent and got techlahoma board insurance. Amanda will write a check. Directors and Officer's insurance as well as Techlahoma insurance. 

Bsides event is not covered by insurance. We have a single address associated with the policy.
Action Item: Ryan, check to see how much it would cost to add a new address for an event to the insurance.

### Space Program
we have separated the coworking stuff into its own separate entity. The llc has been formed and signed a lease for the space starting in july.

April 28th meeting at 5:30 about the coworking business. The intent is to form an entity that works closely with techlahoma. Techlahoma will be leasing event space from the entity.

### Job Board
vance is demoing a job board he created. React based. There is not much left. inspired by weworkremotely.com

Vance will move the project to a private techlahoma git repo. 

Vance: Idea to do a techlahoma/okcjs newsletter and feature some of the jobs.

Action Item: Make #jobs channel read-only.

### Slack
Jesse: We have a successful slack channel and the slack channel has exploded. Moderation is a concern.

### Townhall
Amanda: dates. what about tulsa? luke is checking for dates. Date might be too close to 200ok.
Jesse made a private townhall channel. We will have to delete it after to make a public one.

### Fundraising
Jesse has 4 checks that he needs to deposit. 
Jeremy: Defer to Lucas.
Lucas: Defer to Mike.
Mike: Right now through the membership campaign $15,500 from individual donors. Jesse has ~1k more in membership checks. 

exceeded the dollar amount with fewer donors than budgeted. This also means fewer donors, which concerns mike. 

Jesse and Ryan have been sharing the techlahoma story with user groups.

Jesse and Ryan can integrate data from this sharing into the 'ask' for techlahoma. ex. what ryan learned from being the first user group hero.

Ryan: Should we do an email blast at the end of the campaign. Mike says absolutely yes. Discussion about objections to social media blast. We have emails from slack users.
Ryan moves for a vote after mikes presentation. Jesse seconds?

Corporate sponsors are a big part of the $50k goal. 

Discussion about capital campaign (starspace). 

Mike: Don't ever say no for a donor.

Jesse: we need a support opportunities page with all the options: membership, capital, thunderplains, 200ok, etc.

Mike: Who will take ownership of the slide deck for sponsorship opportunities? Jesse volunteers. Ryan needs it this week. Lucas has 3 opportunities. 

Inform fundraising committee about potential donor 'asks' to gain relevant information from the committee. Do's and don'ts.

Get good food. There should be a noticeable improvement.

Luke has voted in favor of emailing slack members about the campaign _in slack_.

Mike: We will discuss donor stewardship in the next meeting.

### Slack non profit
Ryan applied to get a nonprofit membership for slack.
Ryan will take care of following up on that. He promised me(Devin) and there is no backing out.

### DevOps Days
June 20th one day mostly open spaces devops conference. 

### Google Fiber
We know google fiber is coming. We have a techlahoma space. We want google to align themselves with techlahoma.
We want Google Fiber to launch at our spaces early. At least early, maybe free. We need to find contacts to make this happen.
Lucas promised me(Devin) he can figure it out in a day or two.

Action item: Find contacts to make this happen. 

Jesse: writing a book is not fun, but having written one is. 














