# May

## Attendance
* Jeremy Green
* Lucas Watson
* Vance Lucas
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin
* Ada Harlin
* Devin Clark
* Tommy Yi
* Ryan Hoegg
* Jessica Campbell
* Luke Crouch (remote)
* Nathan Sweaney (remote)

Minutes were approved unanimously by all present board members.

### Accounting

We have not seen anything on the GKFF deposit. Luke will follow up with his contact.

Jesse is working on getting historical data from bank of oklahoma from support because they only allow 90 days of data export at a time.

Luke needs to know about past due invoices.

### 200OK

Luke: everything is squared away except stickers. He will order them from sticker mule.
Luke needs a person to do recording. Jesse will talk with Ben and Brent to do camera work.
Speaker flights and hotels are booked. Venue is good. 20-30 tickets left.

### Thunderplains

Vance: Venue is booked. Contract is signed. 225 people. 2 days, single track. After party will be upstairs after the second day. Speaker dinner will be the night of the first day.

Jesse will work on the website after this meeting.

Ticket prices will have to be higher, but not much higher. Our costs will not go up much.

Ryan suggests that the fundraising committee help with the ticket pricing.

Vance expects to make 20k or more with the event.

### Job Board
Vance: Basically almost done. There is not a way to collect payment. We want to fill it up with jobs first for a period of time before we start charging. 

Jobs channel will be a lot of work to moderate and will deincentivice the job board. 

Vance: Needs *actual* job postings. We have a mailing list to generate.

Lucas: Is it okay for a recruiter to post jobs? Group responded with "absolutely".

TP CFP is a priority but the job board will launch _soon_.

### Town Hall
Jesse: Meeting on the 28th. Jesse anticipates a lot of the questions will be about what we are going to do with the fundraiser money.

Jesse has a format for the meeting.

Luke: Are we going to try and do video conferencing for the townhall? Probably not.

### Star Space
Tommy: Star space is in the middle of being incorporated. DOIC did sign a lease with the building owner. We are a little behind, ramping up on marketing and branding. 

We will need to start ramping up the fundraising committe for the capital campaigns.

Tommy and Ryan have been working with a furniture guy.

Lucas: Capital Campaign. Email from Mike Slack. 

Tommy: Set up facebook, instagram, and twitter accounts for star space.

Lucas: Annual campaign first. Saying thank you is very important. Personalized thank you email for each donor. Mailchimp can do that. Handwritten note from every one $500 or more. This may be difficult to do in time. Phone call for everyone $1k or more. No action at this time.

Jesse: One action. get mailchimp access for lucas. 

Ryan: What is our new message to individual donors? Our campaign is still going on. You can still be a founding member but you may not get your swag until later.

Lucas: Capital Campaign. Mike: "The most important thing we an do is invite people to the open house". Tommy has been working on a slide deck. Lucas will modify the slide deck for pitching to companies for naming rights. Inviting people to the open house is hugely important. Food and drink will be donated for the event. 

Vance: What will we see at the open house? Construction zone, design photos, business cards. Food, Beer. Tommy and Jesse will both be presenting. Networking.

Lucas: User group heros. We need to get working on this.

Vance: Consumer affairs wants to be a bootstrap founder ($2k). Luke needs to send them an invoice.

Jesse: There are plans for a new site.

### Google Fiber
Ryan: We have learned nothing. Find someone for Ryan. Cox fiber is insanely expensive.

Jesse: Jessica did some email filtering.
Jessica: I have been cleaning up the techlahoma gmail. I also set up filters and tags.

Vance: should we purchase a helpdesk system? As we scale it will probably be a requirement.

Jessica will make a private channel for dealing with emails.

### Closing

Luke: Wants to get more tulsa people on the board.

Nathan: Bsides. Infosec conference. focus on education about security to IT people in general. 150 people last year, 6 months of planning. 250 people this year. We have a couple of non profits relationships. BSides national, ISSAOK. ISSA handles finances for bsides. They are interesting in financial support and insurance for events. 

Nathan wrote a [letter available here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gp6XGXAhfipGK888Krp8Zpn8g3AlOtJjM1UPdW2laHg/edit)

Jesse: we will operate like bsides is in, and will work to see how we partner with sponsors in the future.

### President's Report
A lot of stuff doing on. townhalls, two conferences, wrapped up a fundraisier. Attendence is high. 85 people at today's okcjs meeting. Better food at all the groups. Job board is about to be released. The amount of impact we have been able to make is amazing. Keep doing what we're doing.

