# August

Attendance

* Lucas Watson
* Vance Lucas
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin
* Ada Harlin
* Devin Clark
* Tommy Yi
* Jonathan Yarbor
* Jeremy Green
* Matt Reilly
* Luke Crouch
* Danny Burrows and Conner
* Jessica Campbell
* Diane Cooper
* Tatiana Rozzell
* Ryan Hoegg
* Jeremy Satterfield
* John Dungan
* Josh Hamilton
* Cara Waken


Motion to approve minutes. Attendence change was made for Jeremy. No other objections.

### Monsierge

Phase 1 items:
1) "Lobby" kiosk
2) e-Door bell
3) Tv Stage / living stage
4) Meetings and Events Calendar

Danny and Conner presented a demo of app

We are interested and would like to get a more exhaustive feature list to review.

36 North uses Envoy for this.

> What moncierge is building is just a baseline.  They're first building location based functionalty for Starspace that will serve as the foundation for future functionalty for Techlahoma.
> This will serve as the basis for location based calendars that can be tied to a universal Techlahoma calendar.  This along with other enhancements will be used to help track signins and attendees at all Techlahoma events, conferences and workshops in any city we host an event at digitally using Moncierge.
> The second part of this is to expand the footprint of Techlahoma beyond OKC and Tulsa by syndicating content and programming everywhere.  This allows Techlahoma to become the "lifechurch.tv" for Oklahoma tech, where programming in OKC in StarSpace can be syndicated in real time to Tulsa at 36 North, at OU in Norman and places like Lawton, OK partnering up with other tech spaces.
> This allows people in OKC who can't be in Tulsa to still attend events like 200OK in real time by coming to StarSpace, or people in Tulsa and other parts of OK to digitally "attend" Thunderplains at 36 North, ect if they can't attend in person in OKC.   This could also include usergroups in OKC and Tulsa, ect.

-- Tommy

We are approved for netsuite accounting software and need to figure out the five users.

No updates on squarespace site. If you need credentials let Jesse know.

Prototek has not signed the document and therefore have not been paid.

### New programs

Ryan motions to nominate jon yarbor as the chair of the space program committee. Jesse and others seconded. The motion passes without objection.

We need to establish an onboarding process for user groups. Jesse has been working on this.

Jesse: motions for approval to form an onboarding committee for user groups Ryan seconds. The motion passes without objection.

Jesse motions we make Jessica Campbell chair of the onboarding committee. Jeremy seconds. The motion passes without objection.

We would like a tulsa presence on the committee. Luke would like to help on the committee.

## Individual Projects

### RFID

Jon: working on rfid tag system. monsierge gave him a good idea with blutooth low energy.

Jesse: We need to improve our attendence metric gathering. Jesse and Jon worked on it a bit and then pivoted because of monsierge


### 200ok

We had trouble with video connection to Tulsa.

### Thunderplains Update

Vance: Selected speakers. Jesse and Amanda have been sending out speaker emails. Tickets are available. We have two sponsors locked in, and two more we are talking to. We need put schedule on website once all speakers are confirmed.

tatiana rozzell: here with Girls Who Code would love to have a booth at Thunder Plains, but wonâ€™t be able to afford the $2500 for it :disappointed: any chance we can donate a booth to her assuming we have an extra booth space?

Jesse will follow up after the meeting.

### Swag campaign

We have a polo and a shirt left to mail out.

### Job Board

It's done. There are some jobs on there. We need to do announcements via email and at groups.

Jesse: Should we have a committee for the job board?
Vance: It should be low maintenance. We may need to revaluate that in the future.

### Finance Update

We need to migrate from less accounting to netsuite. No real updates this month.

### Space program updates

Ryan: Major detail is StarSpace46 opening is delayed to October

### Townhall

We should probably have it after thunderplains. We would like to move to twice a year.

