# August
http://talky.io/techlahoma

## Monscierge presents 
* Danny Burrows will talk about SS46/Techlahoma gear and software that Monscierge would like to provide.

## Open
* Attendance
* Approve previous minutes

## Administrative Items
* Accounting (Luke/Jesse)
* Update on accounting stuff from Netsuite (Vance)
* Squarespace website (Jesse)
* Update on litecms from Netsuite (Vance)
* Paying Prototek Update
   - Review Release language from Sean
   - Approve final amount

## Programs
* Motion to create User Group Program and elect Chair (Ryan)
* Motion to elect Space Program Chair (Ryan)

### Individual Projects
* Space Program Update (Tommy)
* RFID (Jesse/Jon)
* 200 OK Report (Luke)
* Thunder Plains Updates (Vance)
  - Need: Speaker Selection (Jesse/ Vance/ Amanada)
  - Tito (jesse)
  - Buffr (jesse)
  - Video (Jesse)
* Swag campaign update/recap (Jesse/Amanda)
* Job Board [(Heroku link)](https://techlahoma-jobboard.herokuapp.com/) (Vance)
* Finances Update (Jesse)

## Other Updates
* Prototek Update
* When is next Town Hall?
  - Last Town Hall was 5/28/2016
  - Town Hall plan was to meet quarterly, so we're due unless we change to these to 3x a year instead.
  - What should the board members have prepared for the next Town Hall?

## President's Report 
