# September

Attendance
* Jesse Harlin
* Amanda Harlin (shared screen w/Jesse)
* Jeremy Green
* Jessica Campbell
* Jonathan Yarbor
* Matthew Reilly
* Tommy Yi
* Vance Lucas
* Devin Clark
* Lucas Watson
* Danny Burrows

Motion to approve minutes. No objections.

Danny gave a demo on the current state of the thunder plains app Monscierge is building for us.

VOTE: approval to move forward with the thunder plains app. We are making no commitments at this time.

Vance: Concerns about giving monscierge a gold sponsorship for this app because it is not something we need.

Vance: I don't mind giving them a named sponsorship, but I do mind about booth space. If they will agree to only getting a booth if we don't sell out.

Jon: They are not very interested in a booth.

Jesse: We should meet with them and discuss goals with them.

Lucas moves that we vote now. Jesse seconds.

Motion passes with no objection

Jon: Budget for star space furnishing

Jesse will follow up with Jon and move forward.

## Video Chat

sococco

Jesse: used sococco, ended up reverting back to gotomeeting.

Punt until after star space opens. Hangouts works fine as long as we are under 10 people

## Financials with Vance

we have been approved for a non profit license of netsuite for 5 users.

need to do some initial setup but no problem.

Luke was going to propose moving the backup card from the code for tulsa AWS account to the techlahoma card.

Jesse wants to make sure we are able to turn the card off at any time outselves.

Tommy says techlahoma having the our card on another non profit's account throws up red flags.

## Paying prototek update
We gave them the document and the check and they have not signed the document or cashed the check.

## Space Program

Tommy: soft launch oct 3rd. PHP group is meeting on the opening day. Event space will be rough for the first few weeks (not prototek rough though).

Dead center wants to get the film community involved in star space. screen writer groups.

october 28th halloween themed opening.

furniture assembly party on september 31th. Bring all your drills.

vance knows the manager of the apple store who wants to help and potentially provide some hardware.

We are registered with a thing with Apple where any time they donate we get $25/hr.

## Thunder Plains Update

* 133 tickets sold out of 225.

* $14,825 on ticket sales so far

* American fidelity bought 33 tickets. Lucas is working with the vp of development there to get some techlahoma sponsorship. $3k-10k sponsorship potential in this year.

## Other Updates

Working on user group onboarding procedures.

Move Luke's items to next month

## DNSimple
* We would like to provide a domain for each group.

## President's Report

We have scaled into a new tier that requires more management. We need to stablilize and have a stable foundation to grow from.

All of the major projects we have going on now are there to address this.
