# October

## Open
* Attendance
  - jesse 
  - vance 
  - jessica 
  - matthew 
  - jon 
  - tommy 
  - lucas 
  - jeremy 
  - luke 
  
* Approve previous minutes
  - September minutes are approved

## Administrative Items
* Accounting (Vance)
  - >$25,000 in ticket sales, $8,000 in sponsorship money, cash flow for techlahoma is going good
  - inflow looks better than outflow because TP is one of our biggest fundraisers
  - less accounting is relinked, so emails will continue to be emailed
  - $55,925.45 in bank account
  - we have invoices in there, but they haven’t been marked as paid. (we believe they have all been paid)
  - there will be a townhall after thunder plains. we need to have netsuite set up and reports created before then.
  - we need to make an impact report
  - we can give people the info we have right now from less accounting. 
  - we might consider paying someone part-time for user group setup at ss46.

## Programs

### Individual Projects
* Space Program Update (Tommy)
  - the fence is going down this week
  - the restriping may not happen by the grand opening
  - we will have 4x as much parking
  - Jesse and Jon will outfit the space to handle accoustical echoes
  - The groups will not reschedule. So, groups meeting at OBI will stay at OBI until the week of Novemeber 31st or later.
  - Grand Opening is October 28th
  - Tommy and Jon will meet to manage the timeslot reservation
  - There might even be a chance to have a second event space upstairs, complete with A/C, carpet, painted walls
  - Today's event was rough but great
  - Dead Center has an event next month. 1MillionCups will also start meeting. we need to make it not rough.
  - Techlahoma and StarSpace46 agreement. SS will give Techlahoma a $5,000 donation every month. SS now has a 60k tax burden. we'll be documenting the transaction.
  - Tulsa and OKC have been selected for **********************************. will announce together later.
  - tommy and lucas are having breakfast with the mayor, they're going to talk about SS46, techlahoma, the tech community.
  - paycom sponsorship between starspace46 (money will go to techlahoma). they haven't paid yet, but here is what they wanted 
      what they are expecting 1 time from ss/tf: 
      1) Thunder Plains – we can include 5 tickets this year for your team and list you as a Silver Sponsor of ThunderPlains
      2) We will reserve the Event space for Paycom once per month for a morning or afternoon – we need to keep 11:30-1:30 open for user groups but before or after is great. We can put multiple months on the schedule now or schedule it month by month, whatever works out to be easier.
      3) User Groups – Pick 5 user groups and you can make opening statements in front of them in October, November and December (our other months are already booked!)
      4) Flex Space sponsorship – “camera facing” sponsorship with Paycom’s name large on the back wall of the “bridge”. Whenever we have streaming between coworking spaces (which will be almost all the time during business hours) the Paycom name will be very visible – people all over the country will know you helped us build the space!
   - we need to explicitly say how long the benefits will last. 1x for a 1x donation that will be paid out yearly.
   - there's a goal for an hourly admin to be employed at starspace46. techlahoma can use that admin. an IRL assistant to have their time divided up amongst aka a 1 person task-rabbit for hire.
   
* Meetup Updates (Jesse/Jessica)
   - Still working on meetup. they've gotten the meetup pro account started. No updates.
   
* StarSpace A/V
   - Jesse and Jon are still working on the setup. No updates.
  
* Thunder Plains Updates (Vance)
  - danny burrows needs to be contacted about being a thunder plains sponsor
  - vance needs to contact glen to update the TP sponsor t-shirt
  - we’ve spent money already on TP = $5,000 for venue lock in and 3 security guards, TP speaker travel has been paid for, hotels have not yet been paid for, we’ve gotten the projector
  
* Netsuite (Vance)
  - Netsuite account exists but we've been too busy to begin migrating data into it from less accounting.
  - Netsuite can do some of the expensify features, so we can just use N.S.
  
* Code for Tulsa (Luke)
  - TU application was 5 minutes too late to be submitted. GKFF might be contacted for a grant.
  - TU intern student would an employee of the University of Oklahoma, so Techlahoma would not need to handle employee paperwork, worker's comp, and other legal paperwork.
  
* Jeremy
  - Recognizing Devin as acting secretary for the last year. We can give him something for his resume and a mug/plaque would be good. 
  - Recognize Jon and Jessica with their swag at Thunder Plains and title for resume. (**spoiler alert**)

## Other Updates
* OK Coders + Techlahoma SurveyMonkey Survey (Luke)
   - SurveyMonkey un-responsive about Pro account for non-profit :(
   - Anyone have another survey platform we might like for Techlahoma? Just Google Forms?
      - "Skip Logic" is the feature I'm after
* Tulsa Public Schools Partners in Education (Luke)
   - Signed Techlahoma up for STEM support. E.g., showing students coding and speaking to students about coding careers
   - Planning to tell TRSA Techlahoma (Tulsa) volunteers can do 4th Fridays @ 3pm-4pm
   - I'll start recruiting volunteers

## President's Report 
- We're scaling up, creating actual documents instead of only fistbumping agreements, and folks are looking to us for leadership. We need to build more architecture, we've got to get our tooling in place, distribute it to people, and empower them.
- We need to think about how we're going to nominate and expand the board. We need more Tulsans, more diversity. We need budget proposals for our activities moving forward in Nov/Dec. We also need bylaws to be completed before nominations happen. We're going to just have to pay a lawyer to create bylaws since folks are too busy and have less legal expertise. We might need to invent a term for high-octane volunteers. 
