# November

## Attendence
* Jesse
* Vance
* Jessica
* Matthew
* Jon
* Tommy
* Lucas
* Jeremy
* Devin
* Ryan (remote)

Jesse: Motion to approve minutes. Jeremy seconds. Motion passes without objection.

Concerns about job posting. Revisiting slack governance policy.

Vance: Tech version of Made in Oklahoma.

Motion to approve https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/issues/31#issuecomment-189322475 with the "ask about jobs" removed.

Vote will take place in December with a revised version.

## Job Board

Vance: 17 jobs on the board. Moved to a paid dyno. Would like help from Jeremy with adding ssl. There are a few things that could be improved but it is working great overall.

Jesse: We should do a drip campaign this.

Vance is going to add an RSS feed.

## Thunderplains Retrospective

Currently negative $6,000 but could be more like -$300. We think it was about even. There might be a possibility that we have not billed everybody yet.

We did have one off color joke at the afterparty but was handled.

## Bylaws/Elections

Amanda and Jesse met with a laywer who is working to build bylaws. Jesse is proposing we make a committee to assemble and qualify all the nominations.

Board diversity is a big consideration.

Committee consultant. One of the lawyers would meet with the committee.

Board will vote in new members. Officers will also vote (this time) but revisit in the future.

Health check on board members about 6 months in to make sure that new members are up to the responsiblities.

Jesse: motion to approve Ryan, Matt, and Luke for the election committee. Motion passes without objection.

Current nominees. https://github.com/techlahoma/planning/issues/39#issuecomment-257059648

## Onboarding committee

A system to automate user group common tasks. Jesse is presenting slides [SLIDES URL].

http://www.meetup.com/pro/techlahoma lists all the techlahoma groups and how many members we have.

We can use the data on meetup to estimate food costs.

$15 a month per group with non profit discount. Zapier costs us $50 a month flat rate.

Amanda: Who is going to work with the new groups? Lucas: new group committee.

Jon: Talk with restaurants.

Vance: Figure out a budget for each group.

Tommy: We should find a caterer or chef and pay them to handle food for all the groups. This could kickstart an aspiring chef to start a catering business.

User group food committee. Tommy has been voluntold.

## Event Space Overview

Jesse is presenting slides. [SLIDE URL]

Budget of 10k. 7k in donations and 3k in pledges.

Deadspace had 110 people in the event space. They will probably host regular meetings there now.

Carpet cost $1754.60.

Black Friday ninja shopped a recording computer for $1307.72.

Acoustic foam is a big priority.

Financial slides.

Lucas: Starspace thing: Starspace has not seen the community adoption we have hoped for. I don't think the community knows that starspace and techlahoma are different. We are losing money in December. We need to do a membership drive.

## Tech Hires

Tommy: White House should be announcing this week. Oklahoma City and Tulsa were accepted. Techlahoma is playing a major role in Oklahoma City. We will be making a joint announcement with 36 Degrees North. 13 tech companies in OKC who have comitted.

