# December

## Attendence
* Jesse
* Vance
* Matthew
* Lucas
* Jeremy
* Devin
* Ryan
* Amanda
* Luke (Remote)
* Jessica
* Jon 
* Ava


## Board Member Voting

We want to increase the board size by 5 members. Increase diversity.

Lucas: I move we increase the number to six members and approve all the other guidelines. Jesse seconds. Approved without objection.

Explanation why each person was nominated.

Voting is conducted via surveymonkey and results will be reflected in the minutes. Ranked voting. Top person gets 9 points and bottom person gets 1. The six highest scores will be voted in.

The following people have been voted to the board:
* Jessica Campbell
* Tatiana Rozzell
* Dustin Curzon
* Tommy Yi
* Jon Yarbor
* Tasha Kay Douglass

Jesse: Motion to approve minutes. Jeremy seconds. Motion passes without objection.

## User Group Voting

https://github.com/techlahoma/planning/issues/41

Technology by the dictionary definition.

### User Group Criteria:

#### Something to do with Technology

Jesse: "Modern" technology. ~50 years.

Lucas: modern "relevant" technology.

#### Oklahoma based

#### We can afford it

#### enforces the techlahoma coc

Jesse: Objection to a group modifying coc.

Lucas agrees.

Jeremy agrees.

#### 2+ leaders

#### Agree to use some standard Techlahoma tools and processes

#### Consider diversity (geography, technology, speakers, leaders)

Jessica: How many groups can we commit to bringing in?

Jesse: Motion to remove salesforce from the running due to being a company's product and the high cost. Lucas seconds. No objection.

Jesse: Motion to remove raspberry pi pending a name change. Lucas seconds. No objection.

Lucas: Motion to consider the rest of the groups.

Jesse: motion to remove dc405 from the list due to inactivity and lack of information. Matt seconds. No objection.

Lucas: motion to remove makers of oklahoma due to lack of information. Vance seconds. No objection.

Jesse: rethink our sponsorship tiers and our relationship with 'group sponsors'.

Lucas: I move we create a sponsorship committee led by Matt with jesse, lucas, jon, and jeremy.

Jesse: I move we move in the okc sql, okc big data, tulsa java, bartlesville, tulsa game devs, muskogee, tulsa osh, and okc raspberry pi on the provision that all groups go lean on budget for a few months. Lucas seconds. Motions is approved without objection.

## Bylaws

Paid the lawyers, working to get them done. Should present to the board soon.

Selected for tech hires. The future on that is how well we can measure hires. Encourage usage of the job board.

Amanda: Community Survey to see how many tech hires companies have made.

Ryan: use anonymized recruiter data.

Jesse: Make big committee in January for tech hires.

Come up with plans for tech hires for the next meeting.

